Clarify priority for Velero backups (#1734)
astronomer/docs: software/disaster-recovery.md

## Backup

To recover the Astronomer platform in the case of an incident, back up the following resources in order of priority:

- The Kubernetes cluster state and Astronomer Postgres database.
- ElasticSearch, Prometheus, and Alertmanager persistent volume claims (PVCs).

> You should never back up Redis PVCs. Restoring redis can result in Airflow and Celery having conflicting information about task states.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should never back up Redis PVCs. Restoring Redis can result in conflicting Airflow and Celery task state information.
```
